Add CUDA API runtime API list (#2557)
cupy/cupy: docs/source/reference/cuda.rst

   cupy.cuda.nccl.get_unique_id
   cupy.cuda.nccl.groupStart
   cupy.cuda.nccl.groupEnd

Runtime API
-----------

> CuPy wraps CUDA Runtime APIs to provide native CUDA operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CuPy wraps CUDA Runtime APIs to provide the native CUDA operations.
```

> Please check `Original CUDA Runtime document <<https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-runtime-api/index.html>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please check the `Original CUDA Runtime API document <https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-runtime-api/index.html>`_
```
